README.md, before:

## 💻Hello, Welcome to my GitHub Profile
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/eric-haley1/"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-0072b1?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" /></a>

I'm Eric, and Im bringing with me over two decades of hands-on experience in IT, with a strong focus on cybersecurity, systems management, and technology innovation.

## 💡Objective
As a cybersecurity enthusiast and practitioner, my goal is to contribute to a safer digital world by sharing practical tools, insightful research, and real-world attack & defense simulations. This GitHub serves as a portfolio of my projects in areas such as penetration testing, malware analysis, threat intelligence, and secure coding. I'm passionate about continuous learning and collaboration to strengthen the security community.


## 🛠️ Technical Skills <br>
🔹 IT & Networking<br>
 ✅ Network Security & Monitoring<br>
 ✅ Forensics & Incident Response<br>
 ✅ Vulnerability Management & Assessment<br>
 ✅ Endpoint Security <br>
 ✅ Identity & Access Management (IAM)<br>
 ✅ Security Frameworks & Standards<br>
 ✅ Cybersecurity Fundamentals & Tools: Kali Linux, Nmap, Wireshark, Metasploit, Nessus, Splunk, Snort, PfSense

</div>

## 🎓 Certifications
<div>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Security%2B-Certified-red?logo=comptia&logoColor=white" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CySA+-Certified-blueviolet?logo=comptia&logoColor=white" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CompTIA-CASP%2B%20Certified-blue?logo=comptia)](https://www.comptia.org/certifications/casp" />

</div>

## 🔍Projects
-  🛡️<a href="https://github.com/oogsec/SOC-Home-Lab">SOC Home Lab</a>
-  🛡️<a href="https://github.com/OogieSec/SOCv1/blob/main/Router/Setup.md">Next Gen Router</a>

## 🚀 Project Status: 

| Phase | Status |
| ------------ | ------------- |
| Git/GitHub setup | ✅ Complete  |
| VirtualBox installed | ✅ Complete  |
| Windows VM created | ✅ Complete  |
| PfSense Firewall | ✅ Complete  |
| Snort NIDS/NIPS | ✅ Complete  |
| SIEM deployed (Wazuh) | ✅ Complete  |
| Wazuh XDR/SIEM protection for endpoints and cloud | ✅ Complete  |
| Snort Setup | ✅ Complete  |
| Attacks simulated | ✅ Complete  |
| Set up rules and decoding alerts from Honeypot| ⬜ Pending  |
| Configur Wazuh** to use the Virustotal API (in keeper ossec_config) | ✅ In Prog  |
| OpenCanary Honeypot setup | ⬜ Pending  |
| OpenVPN | ⬜ Pending  |
| OpenVAS | ⬜ Pending  |
| Active Directory deploy AD for simulating privilege management & attacks  | ✅ Complete  |
| AWS Monitoring Use CloudTrail + SNS to detect and alert on activity | ⬜ Pending  |
| Dockerized Services 📦 | ⬜ Pending  |

Commit message:

Update README with completed tasks and new entries

README.md, after:

## 💻Hello, Welcome to my GitHub Profile
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/eric-haley1/"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-0072b1?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" /></a>

I'm Eric, and Im bringing with me over two decades of hands-on experience in IT, with a strong focus on cybersecurity, systems management, and technology innovation.

## 💡Objective
As a cybersecurity enthusiast and practitioner, my goal is to contribute to a safer digital world by sharing practical tools, insightful research, and real-world attack & defense simulations. This GitHub serves as a portfolio of my projects in areas such as penetration testing, malware analysis, threat intelligence, and secure coding. I'm passionate about continuous learning and collaboration to strengthen the security community.


## 🛠️ Technical Skills <br>
🔹 IT & Networking<br>
 ✅ Network Security & Monitoring<br>
 ✅ Forensics & Incident Response<br>
 ✅ Vulnerability Management & Assessment<br>
 ✅ Endpoint Security <br>
 ✅ Identity & Access Management (IAM)<br>
 ✅ Security Frameworks & Standards<br>
 ✅ Cybersecurity Fundamentals & Tools: Kali Linux, Nmap, Wireshark, Metasploit, Nessus, Splunk, Snort, PfSense

</div>

## 🎓 Certifications
<div>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Security%2B-Certified-red?logo=comptia&logoColor=white" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CySA+-Certified-blueviolet?logo=comptia&logoColor=white" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CompTIA-CASP%2B%20Certified-blue?logo=comptia)](https://www.comptia.org/certifications/casp" />

</div>

## 🔍Projects
-  🛡️<a href="https://github.com/oogsec/SOC-Home-Lab">SOC Home Lab</a>
-  🛡️<a href="https://github.com/OogieSec/SOCv1/blob/main/Router/Setup.md">Next Gen Router</a>

## 🚀 Project Status: 

| Phase | Status |
| ------------ | ------------- |
| Git/GitHub setup | ✅ Complete  |
| VirtualBox installed | ✅ Complete  |
| Windows VM created | ✅ Complete  |
| PfSense Firewall | ✅ Complete  |
| Snort NIDS/NIPS | ✅ Complete  |
| SIEM deployed (Wazuh) | ✅ Complete  |
| Wazuh XDR/SIEM protection for endpoints and cloud | ✅ Complete  |
| Snort Setup | ✅ Complete  |
| Attacks simulated | ✅ Complete  |
| Set up rules and decoding alerts from Honeypot| ⬜ Pending  |
| Configur Wazuh to use the Virustotal API | ✅ Complete |
| OpenCanary Honeypot setup | ⬜ Pending  |
| OpenVPN | ⬜ Pending  |
| OpenVAS | ⬜ Pending  |
| Active Directory deploy AD for simulating privilege management & attacks  | ✅ Complete  |
| AWS Monitoring Use CloudTrail + SNS to detect and alert on activity | ⬜ Pending  |
| Security Onion - threat hunting, enterprise security monitoring, and log management | ⬜ Pending  |
| Burp security assessment and penetration testing of web applications | ⬜ Pending  |
| Splunk lab - SIEM with real threat detetion and analysis | ⬜ Pending  |
